Alexandros Yiotopoulos is 58.
Alexandros Yiotopoulos is 59 years old.
Tariq Aziz kept outside the closed circle of Saddam's Sunni Moslem cronies.
Tariq Aziz was in Saddam's inner circle.
213 people were killed.
219 people were killed.
Tariq Aziz was not one of the most powerful figures in Saddam's regime.
Tariq Aziz was prominent in the regime.
Tariq Aziz retained influence.
Aziz had virtually no power.
Buffett is giving the Gates foundation about 85 percent of his fortune.
The Gates foundation will be responsible for distributing about $31 billion of Buffett's estimated $44 billion estate.
Al-zarqawi was Palestinian.
Al-zarqawi was Jordanian.
Al-zarqawi was right-handed.
Al-zarqawi was left-handed.
Prime Minister Ariel Sharon underwent five hours of surgery.
Sharon underwent nine hours of surgery.
No one has been arrested in the case.
Collin Finnerty was arrested on charges of sexual offense.
No one has been arrested in the case.
Two sophomore Duke lacrosse players were arrested.
Sharon underwent nine hours of surgery.
Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon underwent seven hours of emergency surgery.
Zarqawi did in fact survive the airstrike.
Abu Musab al-Zarqawi was killed in an airstrike.
FEMA would cut off financing for most rooms by Dec. 1.
FEMA set the Dec. 15 and Jan. 7 deadlines for cutting off financing for most rooms.
Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, was a Jordanian terrorist leader.
al-Zarqawi was Palestinian.
Abu Musab Al-Zarqawi was killed in a U.S. air strike.
Zarqawi did in fact survive the airstrike.
Zarqawi did in fact survive the airstrike.
An airstrike ended al-Zarqawi's life.
Eighth were detonated.
The first of the seven blasts struck.
Eighth were detonated.
The seven train bombs detonated.
The train bombings killed more than 180 people.
The bombings killed 63 people.
The death toll stood at 48.
The death toll was at least 55.
The African Union's mandate in Darfur is to monitor the cease-fire, not enforce it.
The African Union will have to enforce the peace agreement.
Seven carefully coordinated blasts ripped through suburban trains.
Eighth were detonated.
Qeshm Island surface is mostly rocky and barren with a small human population of approximately 8,000.
The population of Qeshm Island is about 200,000.
The flag is first thought to have been used in 1893 by Conradh na Gaeilge.
In 1858, the Irish Republican Brotherhood adopted the flag as their symbol.
The Kuwait Times reported that Hezbollah has buried over 700 fighters with more to follow, August 30.
The Australian reports that Israel has the names of over 430 Hezbollah fighters it killed and estimates total Hezbollah dead at over 800, August 29.
He was in brief demand as a motivational speaker after his flight and quit his job as a truck driver, but never was able to make much money from his fame; later on in his life, Walters hiked the San Gabriel Mountains and did volunteer work for the United States Forest Service before committing suicide by shooting himself in the heart in Angeles National Forest on October 6, 1988.
He was in brief demand as a motivational speaker after his flight and quit his job as a truck driver, but never was able to make much money from his fame; later on in his life, Walters hiked the San Gabriel Mountains and did volunteer work for the United States Forest Service before committing suicide by shooting himself in the heart in Angeles National Forest on October 6, 1993.
After spending about twelve hours in the sky, though, he came to the conclusion that he would have to shoot a few balloons after all; doing so caused him to descend slowly again, until the balloon's dangling cables got caught in a power line, causing a black out in a Long Beach neighbourhood for 20 minutes, but also allowing Walters to climb down to the ground again.
After spending about 45 minutes in the sky, though, he came to the conclusion that he would have to shoot a few balloons after all; doing so caused him to descend slowly again, until the balloon's dangling cables got caught in a power line, causing a black out in a Long Beach neighbourhood for 20 minutes, but also allowing Walters to climb down to the ground again.
It was brought to ancient Caledonia, on the island known as Alba, by Scotti from what is now Ulster around AD 500.
It was brought to ancient Caledonia, on the island known as Alba, by Scotti from what is now Ulster by around the 4th century.
Wilhelm Maximilian Wundt (August 17, 1832 - August 31, 1920) was a German physiologist and psychologist.
Wundt was born August 16, 1832 at Neckarau, in Baden.
Israel's actions have sparked international protests. The tragedy of Sunday's explosion in Qana that killed more than 50 Lebanese civilians has presented Israel with a dilemma.
A preliminary Human Rights Watch investigation into the July 30 Israeli air strike in Qana found that 28 people are confirmed dead thus far, among them 16 children, Human Rights Watch said today.
The Israelis say that they "hit dozens of Hezbollah gunmen" but could not give more details.
Hezbollah said four of its fighters died, in battles in Kfar Kila, Adiasse and Taibe.
The Israelis say that they "hit dozens of Hezbollah gunmen" but could not give more details.
An Israeli army spokeswoman said troops had killed 20 Hezbollah militants - a claim the group denied.
After spending about two hours in the sky, though, he came to the conclusion that he would have to shoot a few balloons after all; doing so caused him to descend slowly again, until the balloon's dangling cables got caught in a power line, causing a black out in a Long Beach neighbourhood for 20 minutes, but also allowing Walters to climb down to the ground again.
After spending about twelve hours in the sky, though, he came to the conclusion that he would have to shoot a few balloons after all; doing so caused him to descend slowly again, until the balloon's dangling cables got caught in a power line, causing a black out in a Long Beach neighbourhood for 20 minutes, but also allowing Walters to climb down to the ground again.
The U.S. military said soldiers were conducting a search of a cluster of buildings in the Thar Thar area when they were fired upon. Two insurgents were killed by gunfire and 18 others, including two women, were killed when the ground troops called in an air strike.
Local officials said those killed were civilians -- including eight children.
Local officials and Iraqi police had said on Friday that they believed 32 civilians had been killed in the attack.
The US military had issued a statement on Friday saying that two women were among 20 suspected "al Qaeda terrorists" killed in the operation.
The US army initially said four people had died during a raid to find an al-Qaeda supporter in which a building collapsed.
However, Iraqi police said 11 civilians, including five children and four women, were shot and killed by US troops who then blew up the building.
The US army initially said four people had died during a raid to find an al-Qaeda supporter in which a building collapsed.
New allegations of a massacre involving US troops in Iraq have emerged after the BBC aired footage of an incident in which 11 Iraqi civilians were killed.
Gunfire erupted in a dorm and classroom at Virginia Tech on Monday, killing at least 32 people and wounding at least 20 others, authorities said.
A gunman shot dead up to 31 people and injured at least 21 more in two separate shooting incidents at Virginia Tech in Blacksburg, Va., Monday morning, in what is being called the deadliest campus shooting in U.S. history.
Yueng initially testified that she discovered she was pregnant in October 1999.
Yueng said that family-planning officials tipped off about her pregnancy came looking for her in February 1999.
Claimant's application alleged an accident in September 1990. He initially testified to a specific accident in which he hit a pothole causing him to "bottom out" in his seat. The history provided to his treating doctor alleged a specific incident in February or March 1991.
In 1992, claimant testified that his pain began getting worse four to five months after treatment in September of 1990. The records of his treating doctor indicated pain with no known trauma.
On 20 January 1986, a military coup led by Major General Justin Metsing Lekhanya deposed the Jonathan government.
On 15 January 1986, a military coup led by Major General Justin Metsing Lekhanya deposed the Jonathan government.
There are five tenses in Low German: Present tense, Preterite, Perfect, Past Perfect, and Future.
There are four tenses in Low German: Present tense, Preterite, Perfect, and Pluperfect.
Historians estimate that about 20% of the white population may have been Loyalists (that is, about 500,000), but there are no exact numbers.
Historians estimate that about 5% of the white population may have been Loyalists (that is, about 100,000), but there are no exact numbers.
However once independence was declared in 1776 Loyalists who continued to support the Crown were treated by the Patriots as traitors who turned against their fellow citizens and collaborated with a foreign army. They were expelled, or disarmed, but none were tried for treason or executed.
However relatively few Loyalist civilians are thought to have been killed by mobs; two men in Philadelphia were officially executed for supporting the British.
The first BBS, ALOHA.net, was created at the University of Hawaii in 1972.
Snowed in during The Great Chicago Snowstorm of 1978, Ward Christensen began preliminary work on what would eventually become the first BBS to exist. The first BBS, CBBS, went online on February 16, 1978 in Chicago, Illinois.
Minesweeper is a single-player computer game invented by Robert Donner in 1989.
There was a version on a Tektronix 4051 around 1981, but the tradition of passing around a 'games tape' goes back to at least 1973. This tape even contains a 3D version of minesweeper. The author of this game, David Ahl is a crucial figure in the early history of computer games.
It has been criticized as pseudoscientific quackery by most professional scientists and members of the medical community.
It has been criticized as pseudoscientific quackery by some professional scientists and members of the medical community.
He became a Field Marshal in the British Army in 1940, and served in the Imperial War Cabinet under Winston Churchill.
He became a Field Marshal in the British Army in 1941, and served in the Imperial War Cabinet under Winston Churchill.
In Turkey, there are around 820 higher education institutes including universities, with a total student enrollment of over 1 million.
The total capacity of Turkish universities is approximately 300,000.